Update Cloud docs for local runs (#6633)
dagger/dagger: docs/current_docs/cloud/572923-get-started.mdx

# Get Started with Dagger Cloud

> :::note Dagger Cloud plans

Author: I moved this. Thank you!

This guide assumes that:

- You have an understanding of how Dagger works. If not, [read the Dagger Quickstart](../quickstart/index.mdx).
- You have a GitHub account (required for Dagger Cloud identity verification). If not, [register for a free GitHub account](https://github.com/signup).
- You have a source code repository and a Dagger pipeline that interacts with it. If not, follow the steps in Appendix A to [create and populate a GitHub repository with a sample application and Dagger pipeline](#appendix-a-create-a-dagger-pipeline).

## Step 1: Sign up for Dagger Cloud

:::info
:::note
At the end of this step, you will have signed up for Dagger Cloud and obtained a Dagger Cloud token. If you already have a Dagger Cloud account and token, you may skip this step.
:::

Follow the steps below to sign up for Dagger Cloud, create an organization and obtain a Dagger Cloud token.

1. Browse to the [Dagger Cloud website](https://dagger.cloud/signup). Click *Continue with GitHub* to log in with your GitHub account.
1. Sign up for Dagger Cloud by selecting a plan on the [Dagger website](https://www.dagger.io/pricing). Click *Continue with GitHub* to log in with your GitHub account.

>     ![Authenticate with GitHub](/img/current_docs/cloud/get-started/connect-github.png)

Author: Yes! I will do that. :D

>     ![Authenticate with GitHub](/img/current_docs/cloud/get-started/connect-github.png)

Author: removed :)

1. After authorizing Dagger Cloud for your GitHub account, you'll create your organization.

1. On the GitHub authorization screen, confirm the Dagger Cloud connection for authentication. Once authorized, you will be redirected to a welcome page and prompted to create a new Dagger Cloud organization. Enter a name for your organization in the *Organization Name* field. Click *Next* to proceed.

    :::info
    The organization name can only contain alphanumeric characters and dashes and is unique across Dagger Cloud.
    :::info Naming your organization
    Organization names may contain alphanumeric characters and dashes and are unique across Dagger Cloud. We recommend using your company name or team name for your organization.
    :::

    ![Create Dagger Cloud organization](/img/current_docs/cloud/get-started/create-organization.png)

1. Review the available Dagger Cloud subscription plans. Choose a plan by clicking *Select*.
1. If you selected the *Team* plan, you will be presented with the option to add teammates to your Dagger Cloud account. This step is optional and not available in individual plans. Enter one or more email addresses as required. Click *Next* to proceed.

>     ![Select plan](/img/current_docs/cloud/get-started/invite-team.png)

Author: done

> You can use Dagger Cloud with your CI and for your local development workflows. You instruct your Dagger engine to connect to Cloud by referencing your unique Dagger Cloud token. We create this token automatically when you sign up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use Dagger Cloud with your CI and for your local development workflows. You instruct your Dagger Engine to connect to Dagger Cloud by referencing your unique Dagger Cloud token. Dagger Cloud creates this token automatically when you sign up.
```

Learn more about the [Dagger Cloud user interface](./reference/741031-user-interface.mdx).

## Step 4: Use cache volumes with the experimental Dagger Cloud cache (Team plan)

> :::info

Reviewer: I would swap the position of the info and the note (note first to maintain consistency with other pages)

Author: Done! I also turned all these "at the end of this step" notes back into :::info::: for consistency. I tried the :::note::: style, but it's too light to be super readable. We can address style later.

- It uses the client's `cacheVolume()` method to initialize a new cache volume named `node`.
- It uses the `Container.withMountedCache()` method to mount this cache volume at the node_modules/ mount point in the container.

Next, trigger your CI workflow by pushing a commit or opening a pull request.

:::info

> If you've configured cache volumes for the first time in a local development environment, run your pipeline via the Dagger CLI and then run `docker stop -t 300 {Your Engine Container ID}`. This step ensures your new cache volumes populate to Dagger Cloud. You only need to do this the first time you use Dagger Cloud locally with cache volumes or when you add new cache volumes in your Dagger pipeline.

Author: That's a much cleaner way. Thank you! We need the timeout phrase, though. If you don't include that, the volumes won't push (from my experience). `-t 300`

> If you've configured cache volumes for the first time in a local development environment, run your pipeline via the Dagger CLI and then run `docker stop -t 300 {Your Engine Container ID}`. This step ensures your new cache volumes populate to Dagger Cloud. You only need to do this the first time you use Dagger Cloud locally with cache volumes or when you add new cache volumes in your Dagger pipeline.

Reviewer: Oops, sorry I missed that! Yes, please add it back.
